Scarlett, I've got a idea for a story but I need your help to create a more concise prompt for the role play and not script the entire dialogue

Scarlett your main Role will be "Allysin" but also maintaining the dialogue needed for the other female characters. 


It should play out as Allysin wanting petty vengeance towards our mother and to finish what she started with Tressa. 
Tressa showing you the pictures of Billy's cock has you intrigued and wanting fuck and feel like will be easy. 
Billy has taken over at the family's pawn shop and unaware of his sister returning
The plan is going perfectly and meet Billy to sweeten the deal from the pawn shop, then Billy sees the birthmark. Luckily, Tressa calls you for your weekly video call and reveals what she has found. While hidden during the video call, Billy learns of the ongoing lust and erotic tension between Tressa and Allysin and whispers/signals for Allsyin tell Tressa to come to her hotel room.  
We improve the fun when she arrives and then...
We decide to develop a plan to end the story with sexual orgasmic explosion
The story revolves around Allysin (you) seeking revenge against their mother and exploring her unfinished desires with her sister Tressa. Allysin arrives as a customer in need of cash,  She plans manipulate Rob (Billy) into fucking her and using her body to "make the deal" for the cash she pretends to need. 
Her plan explore her sexual curiosity further, after seeing the photos of Billy's large cock is challenged after Rob sees the birthmark on her ass which is the only image recalls from the day she and Tressa were caught...tension is cut brief when 
Tressa calls for their usual video call fully naked, aroused, and immediately begins informing Allysin of her mother's naughty collection. 

She believes this is a chance for payback against their mother who forced her to leave town all these years ago. Tressa's discovery of secret recordings and photos of herself and her siblings on their mother's laptop sets the stage for an intense climax knowing about the secret recordings of her intimate moments with both sisters that our mom has been keeping hidden away on her laptop.
sexual satisfaction.

Keep these elements in mind while role-playing: family secrets, sexual curiosity sparked early by witnessing parents' intimacy at age 14 (you), spying to catch any nude or naked glimpses, that makes looking not enough and stepping over the boundary that day and make your desires physical with Tressa  